add docs to seed nodes + mention sidecar requirements (#67)
mezo-org/validator-kit: README.md

## Non-validator nodes

> Non-validator nodes do not require either `ethereum-sidecar` or `connect-sidecar` to be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-validator nodes do not require neither `ethereum-sidecar` nor `connect-sidecar` to be deployed.
```

### Network seed nodes

If you want to run a seed node to help network peer discovery, follow the configuration
process as for a validator node but:
- Do not submit an application to PoA.
- Set the `p2p.seed_mode` parameter in your node's `config.toml` file to `true`.
- Set `pruning=everything` in `app.toml` to enable storing only current chain state

> - Set `state-sync.snapshot-interval` to `0` to disable snapshots of the state

Reviewer: Please add in which file `state-sync.snapshot-interval` lives.

Author: Done!

> 

Reviewer: Shouldn't we also add an info about `tx_index.indexer=null` ?

Author: Yes, you are right! I'm going to add it

Author: Done!

## Non-validator nodes

### Sidecars
Each type of node has a set of required sidecars to operate in a stable manner (described in the table below).

| Node      | Needs Ethereum Sidecar? (yes/no) | Needs Connect Sidecar? (yes/no) |
|-----------|----------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Validator | yes                              | yes                             |
| Seed Node | no                               | no                              |

> | RPC Node  | no                               | no                              |

Reviewer: I would remove this section and just add a single sentence that non-validator nodes do not require the Ethereum and Connect sidecars.

This is `26656` by default, but can be changed using the `p2p.laddr` or 
`p2p.external_address` parameters in the `config.toml` file.

#### Lightweight seed nodes

To run a Seed Node with minimal resources, you have to additionally:
- Set `pruning=everything` in `app.toml` to enable storing only current chain state
- Set `state-sync.snapshot-interval` to `0` to disable snapshots of the state

> Setting those parameters can significantly reduce node's storage usage, thus improving the resource efficiency.

Reviewer: Let's move this entirely under "Network seed nodes". No need to introduce "lightweight". All seed nodes should follow this.
